# Fileship 2.0.0  #



<br/>
## Features ##
* User-friendly interface
* Fun, quirky theme
* Feedback integrated with Redmine
* CAS authentication
* Open login: no need to add users
* Visual customization
* Uploaded file log
* Automatic deletion of old files
* Supports individual files up to 250MB in size
* Share files with anyone on the internet
* Supports all major browsers



<br/>
## Introduction ##
Fileship provides a fun, simple way to share files with friends and peers without using third party storage. 

While Fileship works best with Javascript-enabled browsers, its graceful degredation allows it


Scared of Google sharing your information with the NSA? This is the app for you!



 Once you upload a file, you can share it with anybody by giving them a generated URL. 



<br/>
## Configurations ##
Fileship's configurations are in 'config' -> 'app.yml'.

* Fileship uses CAS for user authentication, and LDAP for adding users. Be sure to set these up correctly!

* User feedback is integrated with Redmine to automatically generate issues. Fileship will still work if you don't use Redmine, but users won't be able to give feedback. 

* Old files automatically get deleted by a cron job. Be sure to specify how long Fileship should hold on to old files. 

* Want to change Fileship's look? You can give Fileship a custom logo, and even load a custom stylesheet! See EXAMPLE_STYLESHEET.css for a list of css attributes that you can change. 



<br/>
## Technical details ##
* Ruby 1.9.3
* Rails 3.2.13
* Works best on javascript enabled



<br/>
## License ##



<br/>
## Contributing ##
We would love developers to contribute any improvements and bugfixes they produce.  Note that any pull requests MUST be against the "develop" branch!
See [How do I contribute to other's code in GitHub?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4384776/how-do-i-contribute-to-others-code-in-github).

